plugins/modules/solace_cloud_account_gather_facts.py validate-modules:invalid-ansiblemodule-schema
plugins/modules/solace_cloud_get_facts.py validate-modules:invalid-ansiblemodule-schema
plugins/modules/solace_gather_facts.py validate-modules:invalid-ansiblemodule-schema
plugins/modules/solace_get_facts.py validate-modules:invalid-ansiblemodule-schema
plugins/module_utils/solace_utils.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/module_utils/solace_utils.py pylint:dangerous-default-value
plugins/module_utils/solace_error.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/module_utils/solace_task_config.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/module_utils/solace_task_config.py pep8:E501
plugins/module_utils/solace_task.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/module_utils/solace_task.py pep8:E501
plugins/module_utils/solace_sys.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/module_utils/solace_sys.py pylint:ansible-bad-function
plugins/module_utils/solace_sys.py pep8:E501
plugins/doc_fragments/solace.py pep8:E501
plugins/module_utils/solace_api.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/solace_gather_facts.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/solace_get_facts.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/solace_cloud_service.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/solace_cloud_service.py pep8:E501
plugins/modules/solace_cloud_get_service.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/solace_cloud_get_facts.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/solace_cloud_account_gather_facts.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/solace_acl_profile.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/solace_get_acl_profiles.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/solace_acl_client_connect_exception.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/solace_acl_client_connect_exception.py pep8:E501
plugins/modules/solace_acl_client_connect_exceptions.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/solace_acl_client_connect_exceptions.py pep8:E501
plugins/modules/solace_get_acl_client_connect_exceptions.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/solace_get_acl_client_connect_exceptions.py pep8:E501
plugins/modules/solace_acl_subscribe_topic_exception.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/solace_acl_subscribe_topic_exception.py pep8:E501
plugins/modules/solace_get_acl_subscribe_topic_exceptions.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/solace_get_acl_subscribe_topic_exceptions.py pep8:E501
plugins/modules/solace_acl_subscribe_topic_exceptions.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/solace_acl_subscribe_topic_exceptions.py pep8:E501
plugins/modules/solace_acl_publish_topic_exception.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/solace_acl_publish_topic_exception.py pep8:E501
plugins/modules/solace_acl_publish_topic_exceptions.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/solace_acl_publish_topic_exceptions.py pep8:E501
plugins/modules/solace_get_acl_publish_topic_exceptions.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/solace_get_acl_publish_topic_exceptions.py pep8:E501
plugins/modules/solace_acl_subscribe_share_name_exception.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/solace_acl_subscribe_share_name_exception.py pep8:E501
plugins/modules/solace_acl_subscribe_share_name_exceptions.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/solace_acl_subscribe_share_name_exceptions.py pep8:E501
plugins/modules/solace_get_acl_subscribe_share_name_exceptions.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/solace_get_acl_subscribe_share_name_exceptions.py pep8:E501
plugins/modules/solace_client_profile.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/solace_client_profile.py pep8:E501
plugins/modules/solace_cloud_client_profile.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/solace_cloud_client_profile.py pep8:E501
plugins/modules/solace_queue.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/solace_rdp.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/solace_rdp_queue_binding.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/solace_rdp_queue_binding.py pep8:E501
plugins/modules/solace_rdp_rest_consumer.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/solace_rdp_rest_consumer.py pep8:E501
plugins/modules/solace_rdp_rest_consumer_trusted_cn.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/solace_rdp_rest_consumer_trusted_cn.py pep8:E501
plugins/modules/solace_get_queues.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/solace_get_queue_subscriptions.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/solace_client_username.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/solace_mqtt_session.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/solace_get_mqtt_sessions.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/solace_mqtt_session_subscription.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/solace_mqtt_session_subscription.py pep8:E501
plugins/modules/solace_get_mqtt_session_subscriptions.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/solace_get_mqtt_session_subscriptions.py pep8:E501
plugins/modules/solace_get_magic_queues.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/solace_get_magic_queues.py pep8:E501
plugins/modules/solace_queue_subscription.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/solace_queue_subscriptions.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/solace_queue_cancel_replay.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/solace_queue_start_replay.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/solace_get_client_profiles.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/solace_get_client_usernames.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/solace_get_vpn_clients.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/solace_vpn.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/solace_get_vpns.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/solace_topic_endpoint.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/solace_get_topic_endpoints.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/solace_cert_authority.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/solace_get_cert_authorities.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/solace_bridge.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/solace_get_bridges.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/solace_bridge_remote_vpn.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/solace_bridge_remote_vpn.py pep8:E501
plugins/modules/solace_bridge_remote_subscription.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/solace_bridge_remote_subscription.py pep8:E501
plugins/modules/solace_bridge_remote_subscriptions.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/solace_bridge_remote_subscriptions.py pep8:E501
plugins/modules/solace_get_bridge_remote_subscriptions.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/solace_get_bridge_remote_subscriptions.py pep8:E501
plugins/modules/solace_get_bridge_remote_vpns.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/solace_bridge_trusted_cn.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/solace_bridge_trusted_cn.py pep8:E501
plugins/modules/solace_dmr_cluster.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/solace_get_dmr_clusters.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/solace_dmr_cluster_link.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/solace_get_dmr_cluster_links.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/solace_dmr_cluster_link_trusted_cn.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/solace_dmr_cluster_link_trusted_cn.py pep8:E501
plugins/modules/solace_get_dmr_cluster_link_trusted_cns.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/solace_get_dmr_cluster_link_trusted_cns.py pep8:E501
plugins/modules/solace_get_dmr_cluster_link_remote_addresses.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/solace_get_dmr_cluster_link_remote_addresses.py pep8:E501
plugins/modules/solace_dmr_bridge.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/solace_get_dmr_bridges.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/solace_get_authorization_groups.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/solace_get_authorization_groups.py pep8:E501
plugins/modules/solace_get_authentication_oauth_providers.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/solace_get_authentication_oauth_providers.py pep8:E501
plugins/modules/solace_service_authentication_ldap_profile.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/solace_service_authentication_ldap_profile.py pep8:E501
plugins/modules/solace_get_service_authentication_ldap_profiles.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/solace_get_service_authentication_ldap_profiles.py pep8:E501
docs/examples/quickstart/_run.sh shellcheck:SC2046
docs/examples/quickstart/_run.sh shellcheck:SC2154
docs/examples/quickstart/run.sh shellcheck:SC2155
docs/examples/quickstart/run.sh shellcheck:SC2046
docs/examples/roles/solace_broker_service/remotevm/bootstrap.Ubuntu-18.vm.sh shellcheck:SC2046
docs/examples/roles/solace_broker_service/remotevm/bootstrap.Ubuntu-18.vm.sh shellcheck:SC2154
docs/examples/roles/solace_broker_service/remotevm/bootstrap.Ubuntu-18.vm.sh shellcheck:SC2181
docs/examples/tips-tricks/certs/generateSelfSignedCert.sh shellcheck:SC2046
docs/examples/tips-tricks/certs/addCert2PythonCABundle.sh shellcheck:SC2046
docs/examples/tips-tricks/certs/registerCert.mac.sh shellcheck:SC2046
plugins/modules/solace_get_rdps.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/solace_get_rdps.py pep8:E501
plugins/modules/solace_get_rdp_queue_bindings.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/solace_get_rdp_queue_bindings.py pep8:E501
plugins/modules/solace_get_rdp_rest_consumer_trusted_cns.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/solace_get_rdp_rest_consumer_trusted_cns.py pep8:E501
plugins/modules/solace_get_rdp_rest_consumers.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/solace_get_rdp_rest_consumers.py pep8:E501
plugins/modules/solace_get_available.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/solace_dmr_cluster_link_remote_address.py pep8:E501
plugins/modules/solace_replay_log.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/solace_get_replay_logs.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/module_utils/solace_facts.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/module_utils/solace_facts.py pep8:E501
plugins/modules/solace_get_jndi_connection_factories.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/solace_get_jndi_queues.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/solace_get_jndi_topics.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/solace_jndi_queues.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/solace_jndi_topics.py compile-2.7!skip
